Okay, I forget every time recording somehow that's the day the lawn people are here.
Yeah, yeah, I'm not distracting at all.
I'm good.
Okay, I just forgot how to say.
Why why is everyone so wrong on the internet all the time?
Oh, what's happening now?
Just everybody is wrong.
And I don't understand it.
I want to change my mind, like I want people to come in with informed opinions and convince
me otherwise of my position makes me smarter.
Why does anybody do it?
It happens occasionally, just very occasionally.
I feel like you're always post stuff.
I would say like the thing you're saying probably isn't too different than what I would say,
but I feel like you somehow.
That way I'm saying it, no, somehow you find a way to phrase it where like you just attract.
I forgot the word for this, but maybe it's like pettentry, like all the comments that
are like, point out like the trivial, yeah, technically, well, technically, or like you
forgot this exception.
I feel like I see you going that happens to you all the time, like you say something.
I read it.
I'm like, okay, I get the point of what he's saying.
But then all the replies are just like, well, you forgot this one thing, or you forgot this
other little detail.
And I feel like that's unique to you, I feel you get sucked into that.
I invite it somehow.
I just look kind of dumb and people are like, this guy doesn't know what he's talking about.
I feel the same way.
Hypothetically, I want to have a certain kind of conversation and I do get to have that
with some people.
Yeah.
I think I've learned that it never happens on the internet because the internet is just
represents like the average person, and I'm sorry if you're the average person, you're
just not very smart.
I think it's just by definition your average.
I'm sorry for you to find out in this way, but it is true.
So I don't think I expect that of most public discussions, like even sometimes I have discussion
in public with someone I know really well, because then we get to have that.
But I don't think I ever get like a really great point made by someone that's totally
anonymous.
And that's why I see the entire other way where I just make people think twice before
replying to me, because they know I'm going to punish them.
Yeah, you've sort of set a precedent that like, you don't put up with those kind of replies.
I have not set that precedent.
Yeah.
I'm just too, I'm too kind in my replies, maybe, I don't know.
People are not kind to you.
I know, right?
That's what I'm saying.
Just like, come on, you missed the point.
I need those tweets that you use that are like, if you're applying to me, you probably
missed the point.
Or if you disagree with me.
Yeah.
I open source my replies.
And now everyone can use that and I see people taking them and using that was great.
And I want more people to contribute back and I'll use theirs too.
That's awesome.
I think it's a good idea.
Speaking of Twitter, I want to talk about something you tweeted about people getting
ahead of, we had a breakthrough in AI.
And now it's time to start figuring out what we're all going to do with our time and this
utopia that we're going to live in.
I love your reaction to that.
I've definitely heard some of that and I wonder where you heard it.
I think I've just been seeing, I mean, there's like the range of all the very serious intellectual
people talking about how we need to bomb data centers and we need like a satellite policy
now.
Wait, smart intellectual people are saying that.
Just like the overly intellectual academic people that just spent too much time thinking
about stuff and they're just convinced that now we need to establish like some kind of
embargo type situation where we don't allow other countries to develop the technology.
So that's like one extreme of people being, seeing this and being like 10 miles ahead
of where I am.
I'm just like, what's the next step?
Like how do I use this in my web app?
And then people are talking about all this crazy stuff.
And the other side of it is I hear I see debates about what like a utopia would look like
or whether that would be good or like what we would, what we'll be doing and how.
I don't know, I just feel like everyone's excited to talk about this stuff and I just
do not.
I don't feel like that close to that.
Yeah.
No, I'm with you.
I mean, I think like I love to think of a world where you don't have to work.
I mean, we're like, you get to pursue things you want to pursue and where there's not this
huge discrepancy in value, like we're programmers.
We get compensated pretty well for being programmers.
Other people have skills that just aren't common said that well, and they maybe put a
lot of time into those skills.
And that's really hard for them.
I wish we didn't live in that world.
I wish abundance was such a thing that, you know, we could all just sort of like pursue
what makes us happy.
That'd be amazing.
I'm sure there's a lot of challenges with that mental health wise and otherwise.
But I don't know, I love to think that that could be a thing someday.
I don't know that it's going to be AI or it's going to be fusion energy or whatever.
I have no idea, but yeah, I don't feel like we're close to like start having that conversation.
Yeah.
I mean, it's funny because I might feel that way about fusion energy, like if that became
a thing that was very practical and worked, I can see how that has a crazy impact on just
the cost of everything.
It's kind of like, you know, we had the Industrial Revolution and that made things that historically,
if you want something that was pretty good quality, you needed someone to pay someone
that could spend like a year of their life making it and then suddenly that became crazy
cheap.
So I can see that with certain technology.
I just find it weird that we're looking at a thing that like prints text for you and
we're like, Oh, that's obviously the next step to that's going to unlock like the solution
to every scarcity problem we have.
It just feels weird to me.
I don't sort of like see how that directly leads to any of those effects.
I will say to play the other side of it.
I see the argument that there's been a big breakthrough and you imagine like all these
properties that these LLMs have that were sort of emergent and are catching a lot of
people off guard, even people really close to it, that sort of like breakthrough, you
can imagine a couple more breakthroughs and we're at some crazy place where I don't know
if it's super intelligence, but we have something really, really useful.
I can I can kind of play that out in my mind and see that like, yeah, maybe we're doing
a lot less mundane tasks here in the next decade.
And just as programmers, like I think things get better and better all the time, I can
see that.
I just don't see how it like suddenly solves all the world's problems.
Like, yeah, I think that's where you just start like making a big leap into we'll see
a Reddit.
I mean, it could.
Who knows what it could do.
It's going to be smarter than us.
Exactly.
And we've talked about it before, but I wish I could find who said this originally because
it it just stuck with me and I just keep repeating over and over and I did I did reply in that
in that thread with the same thing where someone explained that what they think is going on
is we saw something that felt impossible become possible and now we're very confused and we
feel like anything that's impossible should now be possible, even though there's no like
tied to it.
It's like, okay, we had crazy breakthrough in AI that obviously means like global warming
is solved is going to be solved or like obviously means like energy is going to be solved.
You know, even though there's really no hard problem pathway to those.
Yeah.
So I think we're in a state of crazy optimism, which is cool in some ways, but I don't know,
but it's just funny because it's just turning into it's not like everyone is getting together
hyping each other up on, wow, there's going to be a utopia soon.
That's actually not the form I'm seeing it take.
I'm seeing people finding it as a new topic to argue about.
Yeah.
Well, the utopia is not actually going to be like that.
It's going to be like this.
Right.
Yeah.
What kind of policies are we going to need and like what are we going to have to do in
that scenario?
Yeah, exactly.
It's just so far ahead of.
People already debated.
Yeah.
I feel like we have to talk well, I've said Twitter, we have to talk about the X thing
because apparently that's all there is to talk about Elon rebranding to X.com.
I didn't even know this.
Did you know this?
Just what you just said there?
Yeah, I knew that.
Yeah.
I mean, I didn't know until two days ago or whatever.
Well, yeah.
It was rebranding.
It was like this weekend was when it.
Is that been the plan all along?
Have you read any of Walter Isaacson's books like this?
Keep jobs.
He's my favorite author.
Are you kidding me?
We've talked about this.
Yeah.
He's been following Elon Musk for the past two years.
Oh, really?
He's writing.
He's basically been with Elon for like all these key moments.
Yeah.
He's been like, he's like trickles out information every once in a while.
And he did say that even before the acquisition, like months, like almost a year ago, he was
already talking about rebranding to X.com and this idea of what his vision for that.
So yeah, I think it's been the plan forever and now there's kind of putting the trigger
on it in like a superficial way.
But yeah.
So aside from all the short term, like everybody's like, whoa, the logo's down or whatever.
All the takes that are flying around.
My mind went to, wow, he's going to like, he's going to completely change.
It's not going to be Twitter anymore, like that's a big move.
And it's like, is that a good idea?
Like are half the people going to leave because they really were attached to tweeting and Twitter
and birds and whatever.
And it's like, there's like 300 million people on Twitter, like they didn't really make
it.
And that's it.
I mean, obviously like all of us with our dumb little side projects, like they made it,
but like they didn't make it make it at the level of meta or whatever.
Yeah.
So like the billion dollar benchmark or billion user benchmark, they're not even close.
So it's kind of like, maybe you do have to do big things to even have a chance at growing
to those levels.
Like maybe you can't just refine the thing.
I don't know.
What are your, what are your thoughts on all that?
Yeah.
I mean, I agree.
I think they've Twitter is like plateaued a long time ago and basically I have done,
they've like done nothing in the past 10 years during an era where there was so many resources,
so much growth.
Like you can't like, yeah, it's whatever you can't just look at them in isolation.
You have to look at them by like their competitors and their competitors grew like crazy and
they, and they did not.
So yeah, you have to do something diff quite different.
I think, I think I just have two feelings around this.
I think one, I'm fine with what it is and what it's been for the past, like ever since
I started using it, so I personally am okay if it doesn't change because with change,
there's just risk that it gets, it gets worse.
Yeah.
And so most of my feelings, my emotions around it are like, it's probably just going to get
worse and more bloated.
So that's why I'm not super into this idea.
But on the other hand, the actual idea is made worth talking about a little bit.
Again, I don't know if I'm super into that either, but I think the model that people,
and people thought that was forever.
I remember when I actually worked on a, at a company in this category for a while.
And even, this was like in 2015 or something, even back then, everyone was looking at Asia
and they were like in Asia, there's like the everything app.
You have WeChat, and that is how you talk to your friends, your doctor.
That's how you do payments.
That's how you call a cab.
That's how you do bank.
Everything is just one, one super app and it's kind of like the OS shifted up one level
into like, now this app is just the OS and like, you're kind of installing apps inside
the app.
And I think for a while, everyone's been like, oh yeah, that needs to be recreated or like,
why hasn't that happened here?
And that's been like a goal or a target.
So I think that's what Elon is trying to create.
Oh, I know none of this.
You must know things, but I don't know.
I just know that he changed it to x.com and there's an x for a logo now.
That's literally all I know.
Yeah, yeah.
So that's what I meant by that's like the superficial step and there's like an actual
bigger idea behind it.
And that's a bigger idea.
Like, there should just be a lot more functionality like you should be, I mean, you can think
of almost anything, any other application, like, why do you get jobs through LinkedIn?
Like, why is that not happening on Twitter?
Like, why do you do payments to the Venmo?
Like, why not?
So there is like something there.
I think it's extremely, extremely hard to execute on.
I think the success that some of the apps in Asia have had, I think that's just like
an artifact of certain timing and certain like scenarios that are specific to that part
of the world.
I don't know if we can recreate it here when we have like crazy amounts of competition
with like, you know, if they're going to do an everything app, of course, Mr. Zuckerberg
isn't trying to copy it and they're going to be, you know, head there.
They couldn't and Facebook could have already done this and they kind of are stepping a
little bit more in the direction with Instagram, but they haven't gone that far.
And so if they haven't gone that far and there's probably a reason for it.
So yeah, that's, that's the idea.
Again, my feeling around it is like, it seems like very small chance of succeeding.
Maybe it's what has to happen for them to even exist.
But I think the most likely case is the app isn't going to kind of get bloated in.
Yeah.
And through that lens, like I don't benefit from a billion people using Twitter.
I like Twitter how it is.
So I guess from our perspective, that it's not necessarily like a big welcome change.
But I guess they're trying to, yeah, figure out how to make it.
That's such a good point that like for 10 years when there was more money in the history
of money floating around, but they just like maintained Twitter and like grew really bad.
I mean, organizationally, they grew a lot, I guess 7,000 people or whatever, but for
what?
Maintained Twitter.
It's interesting.
That's a good time to check in on threads.
Do you still use threads?
Is threads still a thing?
I was, this was really funny because yesterday or this was either yesterday or this morning
I opened it.
Just forget, I haven't looked at it in days.
I kid you not.
I scrolled through 20 posts.
Every single post was about Twitter.
Every single one was like, Twitter, that idiot, he's shooting into X dot com.
X dot com.
Can you believe it?
I'm like.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
So I don't, I think, I think you've probably seen their numbers, right?
It's like, I haven't D.A.U. just tanking.
I've seen nothing.
I've been completely unplugged from the world.
So please be my, my, uh, so they, I don't know.
I don't know where this data is coming from.
I don't know if they're releasing it publicly or if it's leaks, but the chart of their daily
active users is like, the last I saw it last week was down to like 10 million daily actives
up down from like, what was it?
What did it peak at?
50 to 100 million something in that range.
So, uh, it's definitely passed that initial thing.
Obviously the people behind this definitely knew this was going to happen.
I think I can even tell from the way they were wording it.
They kept staying over retention because I think they knew that there's always an initial
excitement.
I personally feel like if you don't figure out the magic and capture it right at that
moment, it's gone forever.
I don't think I've ever seen a case where anyone has come back from that.
Like thinking about like clubhouse, think about like just, I mean, blue sky also.
Uh, so I feel like it's done.
If once you like, you don't capture at that moment, it's, it's gone, but obviously they're
going to keep trying.
I have all kinds of thoughts here.
Like what, what is that magic?
And then I think like, okay, so they didn't get the Twitter crowd to stick around, but
like the 700 million people that use Facebook, but don't use Twitter or that use Instagram
or whatever the billion app, the billion person app you want to, to reference TikTok.
Like where those 700 million presumably, it's more than that, I guess, because it's not a
perfect separation.
Why couldn't they use threads is text just like, did Twitter strike some magical chord
with the text medium that will never be replicated?
And it's just not a very good medium and it doesn't make sense.
Do you have any thoughts around all that?
I think it's just the simplest one, Asian is, uh, it's just the 80% of people are lurkers
or even higher percent, like 95, whatever it is.
Yeah.
Uh, so you're not really competing for that percentage.
So that, yeah, you said like those 700 million people or whatever, most of those people, if
not all of them might just be great consumers.
They might not be great producers on these platforms.
So yeah, unless, unless you capture, like, I mean, there were a couple of days where
everyone that I followed up and, you know, typically post stuff on Twitter, uh, was on
threads and then they all just lost interest and went back to posting their best stuff
on, on Twitter.
And now I think I see some people posting on both, like the same content, but yeah, if
they're on Twitter, then the reason other people are on Twitter is for them and they're
just going to stay where those people are.
So interesting.
I don't think about why I'm on Twitter.
I've never, I've never thought about it.
I guess I've been there so long and I mostly just would have been a lurker and I slip into
that still, I guess, where I just, I scroll through it, but I can't think of thing like
a thing that I'm like, man, I'm glad I saw that on Twitter.
Who are the people that are valuable producers on Twitter?
What are their things you are like happy to consume or is it just like hanging out?
Uh, well now it's become, because I think I'm, I'm now more on the producer side.
Uh, I think when you're in that size, more hanging out with people, you know, um, but
that said, like I do a lot of my knowledge has really come from Twitter, just from the
years of me using it.
Uh, I used to follow, I mean, my, my following habits have changed, but I wasn't following
a lot of software people until the last, until I started working at SST.
Yeah.
And I've been on Twitter for years before that and I was in like a kind of, kind of completely
different bubble, just more like this startup, like business founder bubble.
Yeah.
I feel like I learned a lot from there.
I've also learned stuff that I thought was right and then learned later, learn was wrong.
But to me, it's just like a good source of information.
I can't remember anyone specific obviously, but I definitely can track specific ideas
that I understand now have having come from, from Twitter.
Yeah.
I guess, yeah, I guess there is good stuff.
I guess there's things that I don't really consume like blogs or I'm not like consuming
other things on the internet.
So I guess anything I am learning, it's probably starting at Twitter.
Yeah.
And anything new that gets announced, like that might be something you want to consider.
You probably, I, it's either right here from Hacker News or here from Twitter.
So yeah.
Uh, I mean, I can just think back to anything like, uh, like when the, when a show first
came out, but I think I saw that on heaven on Twitter.
Yeah.
I don't read Hacker News either.
Too much of the, the like typical dev content.
Maybe that's good.
Maybe it's bad.
I don't know.
I don't use Reddit.
I don't use Reddit right there.
Okay.
Cool.
You have to, there's something you have to consume so that you bring value to people
and then you rely on them to consume other stuff and bring it to you.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Say it again.
There's some things you have to consume so you can bring value to other people.
What do you mean?
So one of my friends has recently got super into movies and just like just knowing everything
about, uh, like really good movies, whether they're big or small or random or whatever.
So he consumes a lot of that content and then brings to me like 5% of it, the stuff that
I might care about.
You still it.
Yeah.
I rely on him to do that work.
Okay.
He lies on me for, you know, engineering stuff.
Yeah.
I just think that that's how stuff on Twitter tends to work like people distill stuff.
Okay.
What, what can I throw myself into and be valuable to you, Dax?
What could I distill for you?
I want to give you, I want to give you that value.
You can't, but the thing, it's not something that I had to tell you.
It's something that you are more interested in than I am.
Well, I'm not interested in anything.
Could you please tell me what I'm going to be interested in?
Well, I guess you're just useless that I do sometimes feel like, like, I don't know.
I don't have interests.
I don't care.
Well, you're getting into Jiu-Jitsu now.
Oh, Jiu-Jitsu.
I'll, okay, I'll throw myself into Jiu-Jitsu and I will distill the 5% for you and you'll
be terrible at Jiu-Jitsu because you need 100%.
Here's a problem.
That same friend that's into movies is also really into Jiu-Jitsu.
Oh, no.
He's probably better at both.
He's covering both for me.
See, you really don't need me.
Okay.
Good to know.
Just, I don't know.
Just find a new hobby.
So you give new hobbies though.
I realized the other day that I live in Miami.
I realized that.
You do.
I don't know if you realize that, but you do live in Miami.
Yeah.
I was like, oh, I live in Miami.
That opens up all kinds of things that I just would never even have considered before.
Grabbing an orange off a tree.
It's not an orange thing.
Get in mind.
Pressing an alligator.
I don't know.
I like mango.
Mango.
Yeah.
I actually haven't seen it.
I don't think people have it.
So mango trees are beautiful.
So everyone has them everywhere.
Yeah.
I don't think people have orange trees like just hanging out around.
They're just stuck in order.
Yeah, I guess the time I've spent in Florida, I lived in Florida.
I don't remember seeing any orange trees.
Interesting.
Continue.
You have a new hobby or something.
So I'm like, okay, I'm like around water.
I can get into water sports stuff.
Like that is a thing I can do now, which I, which has been a hugely tedious thing before.
So I love stuff with boards.
So like I can see a long board hanging behind me.
I just love like, I don't, I'm not like a skateboarder.
Like I don't like a skateboard and do tricks, but I love just like getting a lot of speed
and like carving and kind of go like standing on a board and doing that.
So what are those options in the water?
So obviously you can, you can wake surf that requires a boat.
And I think at some point I will have one because I'm, I can see myself getting really
into it.
You will have a boat.
Yeah.
I know everyone says don't get a boat.
Find a friend that has a boat, which has been my policy so far.
I never heard that.
Yeah.
I know it's, they're just like stupid expensive to just not just purchase business to like
have.
But I do think I can see myself doing that because I, like I said, I just love, I would
just love, you know, the wakeboard whenever I want.
Yeah.
So that's not a good option because I can't just like do that on a whim paddleboarding
kind of boring.
I've done that before.
Yeah.
It's like, it's like nice to get good workout, but it's not like exhilarating.
So that leaves two other options.
So one is skinboarding, which sounds dumb because it's just like on the shore.
But I started watching videos.
It's just like you just have a board and you like run and you jump on it and like slide
across the.
Yeah.
But I saw people that are like really good at it and they've effectively turned into
a surfboard because they like ride it all the way out into the, into the ocean and they
like catch the waveback.
It's like, that's like a great place to start because I go to the beach all the time and
set just lying around.
I can do something a little bit more active.
Is the last one.
Can I guess?
Yes.
I know some things about boards.
What's the last one?
Is it surfing?
No, it's not surfing because my amazing place is surf.
Oh, okay.
It's not like the best way is people do it, but it's, it's not super fun.
It's not like Hawaii.
Yeah.
I think people go to Puerto Rico.
I guess Puerto Rico is a crazy surfing, but at crazy point where you're dying if you're
there, potentially.
Oh, geez.
Yeah.
But this was fast surfing.
No, no, no.
I don't want to guess it.
Which is kiteboarding, which I have no idea what that is.
Gladly.
It's basically just, it's like surfing.
You have a board.
It's short.
You're not trapped into it.
There's like little hooks that you kind of slipped your feet into.
And you, you have a harness and there's like a kite attached to the end of it.
And I see people doing this all the time.
It's like super popular here whenever I'm at the beach.
I see people.
The kite holds you.
It's enough force.
Yeah.
It's like a, it's like a very long rope, I guess.
I don't, I don't know any of the times I just started looking into it.
And you, you can like kind of control the, there's like a, there's like a bar in front
of you.
You are attached to the kite, but there's also a bar and using the bar, you can kind
of control the kite and you can do all kinds of cool stuff.
So it's kind of like surfing, but you don't need to rely on waves because you can rely
on the wind.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I, it's, it's pretty difficult.
Like it's not something that you can like skim board and just go and do myself.
But you have to like take lessons and stuff and you actually have to be licensed to like
go out in the water.
But I'm like, I want to, I want to get into this is one, it's super fun.
If I can get decent at it, like, it just looks so fun.
There's all these crazy videos of people like, I don't think I'm brave enough to do this
kind of thing.
But you can get a lot of air on it.
You can basically like fly because like the kite is like pulling you.
Yeah.
So people like jump over islands.
Like it's, it's insane.
They just like, obviously small ones, but those like jump over the whole thing.
I've seen videos of people jumping over yachts.
I've seen people like flying by a yacht and like grabbing a beer, like it's just really
insane.
But for me, I just want to like, you know, even just something a lot simpler than that would
be, would be really fun.
So I'm trying to.
Is it good exercise?
I guess it's probably pretty good.
Yeah, you have to be in like pretty good shape is just controlling the kite is, is just tough
on your arms.
Like I've, have you done like windsurfing before?
That's one where like, uh, wait, wait, no, it's a parasol board.
Parasongs where you do nothing.
You just sit.
You're a bi.
Yeah.
Windsurfing is like, uh, it's like a boat.
It's like a board with a sale on it.
We have to hold the sale up.
Yeah.
And that's, I remember doing that.
That was like really exhausting.
Yeah.
So those things are if you kind of do it every week, eventually you just build up whatever
you need.
Yeah.
That's so the jiu-jitsu thing, like I do, I lift, like I do like the basic lifts, you
know, like press, bench, squat, deadlifts, that kind of stuff, uh, turns out I don't
do anything that like works my growing muscles at all because jiu-jitsu, that's, it's so painful.
I just constantly, I'm having to stretch my growing muscles out.
It's like you're squeezing your legs together a lot and you're, I don't know, just the things
you're doing in jiu-jitsu are not things that my body normally does.
So I'm in that like second week and I'm just, I'm hurting.
There's some places that are not ready for it.
Yeah.
I mean, it seems like it works out every possible part of your body.
It's pretty like full body exertion.
It's, it's like we do five minute rolls and I can't believe how exhausting five minutes
can be like just the amount of sweat, full body exhaustion, just like all your muscles,
everything.
It's really great.
I love that part of it.
I mean, that's the only reason I'm doing it.
I was at the gym yesterday and on the TV they had, they're just playing like jiu-jitsu highlights
for some reason.
And I was like, just imagining you doing that.
I'm like, this is really funny.
Yeah.
Just imagine that except I don't, don't have a plan.
I don't know what I'm doing and I'm just getting rolled around.
Somebody's on top.
Yeah.
Well, it doesn't look, it's one of those things where it's such like, it's so realistic because
it's just like two people like rolling on each other.
So it doesn't like look cool, right?
It just looks.
Yeah.
Which is what it is.
And I think the less experienced, the more chaotic, I'm watching some of the like upper
belts in my gym, when they, when they roll together, it's so much more like chess.
It's so much more methodical.
And you can see the mind games are playing and how they're hiding different things they're
trying to do.
It's just way more interesting and it's slower, I think.
It's more methodical.
Like when I roll with another white belt, we're just like sweating and going at it.
Like we have no restraint.
We're just like, it's like if you told two people to wrestle, I mean, that we just basically
don't know what we're doing.
Yeah.
It's very different though to watch or to actually roll with somebody who has some experience.
They're a lot better.
I think to roll if they know what they're doing.
You think you're getting better?
I mean, I'm still just like taking in so much information.
I've been in there as much as I can be, like as much as it's open and what, you know,
when they have structured stuff.
So I'm trying to soak it all in.
And I think I learned pretty fast, like I'm just generally a pretty fast learner.
So I'm definitely picking some things up.
It's starting to like, I can imagine how these people are doing what they're doing.
I still can't do it, but I can kind of imagine how you could have the kind of knowledge to
pull some of that stuff off.
But it really is so mental.
There's like, I've been pretty good shape.
I guess at this point, like I feel like I can, I can exert myself for five minutes with
somebody, but I don't have the mind games and I don't know, I just don't know how to
get people to submit.
Like I don't know any of those submissions.
So I have no plan.
I'm just trying to defend myself for five minutes, basically, but yeah, I mean, I'm learning
stuff.
You should try, you try whispering insults in their ear, just get their head and you're
terrible at this.
So it's like a one hour thing and then, like, do you have enough energy for like a whole
hour?
Oh, so I went in this morning at five thirty, an hour before, because there's a couple
of, there's a few guys that go in early and they just, they practice stuff together.
They roll, they do different things.
So I'm getting in the extra credit, you know what I mean?
And then I'm there for an hour or less.
And then there's some rolling after that.
So just like free rolling.
Yeah.
No, it's, it's like two, three hours when it, you know, on Tuesdays and Thursdays, Monday
Wednesday, Friday, it's just a couple hours, but yeah, it's a lot of, a lot of exerting,
a lot of trying to learn stuff, but it's just going to take time.
Do you, do you believe in the like, I said the 10,000 hours things on Twitter and everybody's
like, Malcolm Gladwell, you're an idiot.
Like do you believe in putting in time and like it takes years of effort to get really
good at something?
Do you believe that?
Or am I missing something?
I don't get how that's a controversial statement at all.
It's like, yeah, you have to put in a lot of time to get better at something.
Why is that at all controversial?
I mean, okay.
Yes.
Okay.
So you agree that it does take, I'm waiting to hear like there's a shortcut and I just
missed it.
Like you can get really good at something.
If you just do the right thing for 100 hours, I haven't heard that right thing yet.
I mean, I don't like it's the 10,000 hours thing is, I guess somewhat literal, but it's
more like conceptual, like the idea is like it takes a long time.
Yeah.
Years.
I don't, I don't understand because how can it, if it took any shorter, then there would
just be a lot more people that were good at a thing and it would just be very accessible
to become really good at it.
Like the whole.
Yeah.
I mean, good is you're like in the 1% of people, like a very small percentage of people, the
only way you get there is by doing it a lot more combined with whatever natural ability
that you need.
It's refreshing to me.
Like it's an encouraging thing to me that like I could decide I want to be really good
at anything.
And I just know it, you just got to get the reps in if you spend the time, like, and I
don't get worried about like, I don't know, did I get the most out of today's jujitsu?
Like, I just know it's like a long battle of attrition and it's the thing I want to do
for a long time as long as I don't get hurt.
Like that's, to me, that's the right mindset and you don't sort of set yourself up for
disappointment and the highs and lows.
You just kind of like, you know where you're at and you're not there yet and it's going
to be a long time.
I don't know.
I don't know why.
Yeah.
Some people seem to think that's, because there was like this attachment to 10,000 hours
or it was put in some books or there was a study.
I don't care about any of that stuff.
I just know, like, in my mind, it's like, I'm going to spend several years really throwing
myself into something before I'm really any good at it.
I just don't understand how it could be any other way.
Is there, yeah, I think it's, I think the thing that I always think about is I'd rather
be stupid with like a thousand attempts at something than like be really smart with just
a couple.
Yeah.
Like you just, I just rather spend a lot of time on it and it doesn't really matter.
I think the thing that people, the thing that people get stuck with is they try to optimize
way too early.
So I imagine that there's like a spectrum, there's, you first start doing something, you
suck.
You're like the worst you possibly could be given your natural ability.
Then there's a best you possibly could be given whatever natural ability you have.
And the gap there is massive.
It's so, so massive like you just, you don't need any strategy to get like halfway up that
spectrum or even like 80% of the spectrum.
Yeah.
So the summarizations, like the, like the speaking out the last bits of whatever is possible
for you.
And I think people spend way too much time researching a lot of that stuff up front,
get super in their head about it.
And then like expect it all to happen quickly and there's give up.
So it, yeah.
So that's the thing.
That's the other pushback I got.
Besides people just being like 10,000 hours, that's made up like, yeah, I know the numbers
made up.
But the other thing people said is like, you got to get quality hours, quality 10,000 hours.
And to me, like if it's not quality, I'm not going to do it for 10,000, like if I'm going
to get bored.
If I'm just on YouTube and I'm not doing the thing, sure, that's not going to like make
me better at a thing.
I'm not doing the thing.
I'm doing, I'm watching YouTube, like I'm not too worried about how you're spending
those 10,000 hours.
Because if you're actually doing the thing for 10,000 hours, you're just, you're not
going to be, I don't know, you're not going to, you're not even going to know in the, in
the beginning, like what you should be doing, like you're literally just doing it.
You don't know what quality is till you, like you learn what quality is after some time.
I see people working out all the time, people are like, no, this is the best way to work
out.
Like that's the best way to work out.
And they're trying to get through all these debates before they even start doing anything.
Like you can literally do anything in the gym, like literally do anything in the gym and
do consistently.
And you're going to be better than the vast majority of people.
I think that's the most encouraging and like the best thing for my mind, or maybe it doesn't
apply to everybody.
Because it's simple.
Yeah, it's simple.
Yeah, I don't have to like min max in my first year of something, I can worry about that
later.
So I agree with you.
Cool.
I had one more topic that I wanted to go into.
So this is complete shift going back to talking about tech a little bit.
I mentioned to see the other day, but I have a theory.
It's not my theory.
I think I've heard a few people talking about it.
And it's about Vercel, our favorite, our favorite topic, our favorite company to talk
about.
It's been a while since we've talked about Vercel.
Yeah, that's why I feel okay talking about them because we haven't talked about them in
a while.
But the theory is that they're currently fundraising.
And the reason I think this is if you look at some of the stuff they've been doing over
the past, I probably would say three months is a little bit indicative of that.
So Guillermo has been a lot, there's CEO has been a lot more public, like he did a few
big interview, I think he did a Shrutekari interview, just not something that has been
a normal habit.
It's like a new habit.
Yeah.
They have been talking a lot about AI.
They have put AI into certain people's titles.
They are hosting a bunch of AI meetups.
They are posting constantly about some of the AI tooling their building.
And there's obviously maybe a logical, like not logical, but like a good, good, good
progress.
And from the do is obviously everyone's adding a functionality.
But to the degree they're like talking about it, it's actually one of the only things I
hear them talking about now.
And this definitely is going to help a lot with investor conversation.
Oh, yeah.
We are investors are like trying to line up with some trend and the better you line up
with that.
So I think they are probably fundraising right now.
That's my, that's my guess, which is bananas, just at first blush.
I mean, I don't know their financial situation, but like, but they raised three hundred plus
million dollars and they're fundraising.
Yeah.
But I mean, no matter how much you raise, you, you are roughly planning on like a always
18 month, 24 month, like runway.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
So I think you raised so much, how do you invest that wisely in 18 months?
I know that's the only way.
Yeah.
Also from an investment point of view, I think investors also require you to spend the money
because otherwise from their point of view, it's not being put to work.
It's just like moving from one bank out to another.
Yeah.
So I imagine they're, I think timing wise also, I think it does, it does line up from their
last one.
Yeah.
I'm sure they like.
What's their next raise?
How much are they raising?
At what valuation?
I don't know.
I know.
I think if they maintain their existing valuation, that would actually be a pretty big win.
A win?
Yeah.
Because there's an evaluate.
I think it was 2.5 billion or something.
Well, that's not actually as high as I would have thought.
I think their revenue, whether they announced for what it was, 40 million a year or something
like that.
Was it?
That was 100.
I don't remember what it was.
But even within that range, that's so like a massive markup.
Oh, sure.
Just like when they raised, that was like peak tulips season or whatever they call it.
Of course.
Yeah.
I would have thought the number was bigger than that.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I think they, I think at that point, they had like 20 million in revenue.
So 20 million, 2.5 billion.
That's pretty nuts.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So I think their current, based on that interview, I don't remember what the number
was, but I do remember thinking that if they're at that revenue now and they can get someone
to pay for the last valuation number, like that, that's a, that's a pretty good outcome.
That means they can like solidly say they're worth 2.5 billion.
Who led their last round?
I don't know anything about their, I don't remember either.
Uh, I do remember them and Netlify raised like within one month of each other around
the same amount at a similar value.
How's Netlify doing?
I know they just had the round of layoffs and they restructured a bit.
But like how, how, in terms of like, I don't know a lot of people that use Netlify, I hear
Versailles constantly, I don't know who's using Netlify people who still call their thing
a JAMstack app.
I guess.
So I don't know what JAMstack is, I just have no idea what the hell that is.
You know who uses Netlify?
We use Netlify for some reason.
We literally built a product that can host any front end and we do not use it.
How messed up is that?
Wait, you use Netlify to host what?
Your console?
No, not the console.
But finally, the console is not, is like using your own stuff, but we're just like, we
yeah, but like seed, I think seeds front end is Netlify our docs and our website.
And it's just a legacy of like, just legacy from before we had any of our tooling.
But it's so annoying.
I've never used it though.
Is it good?
Sorry.
It's just one of those things where like, I don't need it to be good.
You know when sometimes you don't need something to be, yeah, you, it's just a thing that solves
a problem.
We need to be, you don't need to be any more than that.
Everyone tries to make their product a lot more than that and then it kind of becomes
worse somehow.
That's how I feel. It's like, I push something all of a sudden there's like, all these like
GitHub integration things popping up and they're always failing because like, it's not set up
correctly. And then, uh, so that's like ugly and annoying. I don't care about any of that
stuff.
And I go into Netlify.
Twitter, we just want to stay the same.
Yeah.
We just, we all just pause.
Can we just build something and then leave it forever?
And if you go to Netlify, then there's, I just find it very confusing and overwhelming
because there's like a million tabs, million options for all the different things.
I'm just like, we're just deploying a static site.
That's all.
That's always challenging.
Jamstack site.
Even.
Yeah, exactly.
I think, I think it's a jam site. It's static. Is that what, is that what jam is?
I don't, I probably maybe JavaScript and markup. I don't know.
Oh, is that what jam is?
I think so.
Maybe.
Oh.
That was actually intuition. I maybe have heard it before, but is it everything.
I was going to say that.
Like, what is not that was?
Okay.
Uh, I want to ask you about the console, the SST console. How do you guys, how do you
guys envision?
I'm using it now. I'm a user of the SST console. So I know you have at least one user. Wow.
And I'm using it to never open the CloudWatch tab again, which is great. But where does it
go from here?
Tell me your road.
So currently what you're using is it's tailing only, right? So you spent, you open it and
it tails, which is sometimes useful, but I don't think is like, I think most of the time
you don't want tailing, you just want to like, you know, like scroll through your logs backwards.
So that's what I'm working on. I've been working on the past couple of days, probably going
to finish it up today. Hopefully we'll see how it goes. But very simple. You open it up.
Everything sorted by the way you think about it. I have a front end for the loss in front
and I have like an API route. Here's the logs for it. And just something really basic just
from now you can page backwards. You can say go to eight hours ago, page backwards. So very
simple, like nothing super crazy is just the basic. When people think of logs, they just
want to see a list of messages in this time. So yeah, I don't have to like think about
what a log group is and like find the most recent log is just list of descending or ascending
or whatever. And the other thing is we group it by by invocation, which is obviously helpful
because that's what's nice about Lambda. Like you your logs can be grouped by by invocation.
So the next thing we go from here is so I'm just I'm really just building for myself.
So it's so easy about this. Yeah, I just keep thinking about what I go to do and what
is not working or is missing. The next thing I want to see is I just like in that main
area, we see our resources. I just want to quickly see our accounts that are per like
per stack or per for when you see all your sub resources. Yeah, exactly. So when you see
your various functions, I just want to like see, okay, this had 80 errors in the last eight
hours. So I can just go click that and then just see a list of invocations I've had errors
in them and like, I think with those two things combined that handles like 80% of the reason
that I go to data goes console or like anything I do in production. It's usually I'm reacting
to an error or making sure that there aren't any errors and I'm just looking through them.
Yes, you can get really fancy with like exception reporting and all that stuff. We're kind.
I think we're trying to challenge all that we're like what's like the smallest tool we
can give you to solve the problem. Yeah, and until it feels like it's not enough, we're
going to add more. So obviously, tailing was like the smallest tool, not enough for that
more thing and not enough for that more thing.
Tailing's been very useful for active development. Like, I mean, that's mostly what I'm looking
for. That's what I use the old console for, I guess to like it had something like that,
didn't it? Oh, for local. Yeah. For local development. Yeah. Yeah. So last week, we worked
a lot on a local experience. I guess that's for it's not for the Azure stuff that's for
like the API. So, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So being able to say payloads and replaying
and all that, those are just been feature requests for awhile. Where we're going to go next is
a user management. So when you connect your AWS accounts, one of those is probably going
to be your organizational account. Yeah. Or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. So one of the reason
I go into AWS console is I am adding a user. So we're going to have this thing where you
add it when you add a user to the SST console, you can like link them. You can say that, okay,
this is like linked that automatically creates an SSO user for them. You can download your
credentials file or your config file. So you don't like explaining people how to set that
up. Make that whole process of like onboarding a new developer really easy. So I think if
we have that, I don't think I go to the console for much more. I had an interesting conversation
with the drizzle people because they're working on it's already out and the continue work
on a drizzle studio, which is a web based SQL query tool. Is this what we said needed
to exist on like a I think our last episode, we talked about this. Yeah, exactly. Like
a really good SQL tool. Yeah. Yeah. Browser based. Love it. So I obviously love the team
and I feel like everything they do. It's just going to become good. Even if it's not like
the best today, I think they're always on the right path. So they are so their tool they
build is not dependent on like you using drizzle. It's just a generic total for an SQL database.
I think if you use it, there's like more features that get unlocked, but you don't have to. So
we're thinking about doing integration where you'll see your RDS resource in our console.
Yeah. You can click query it open up in a new tab that's already authenticated and you can query
your database. So that's pretty useful for production development, everything. What's really nice
about that is that's actually a construct that gets deployed. And the reason that needs to happen
is so you can put the Lambda function in a VPC, which means you don't need a VPN anymore. Oh,
which is like nice. So you're off into the SST console is like your way of getting into those
private resources. That's cool. Yeah. So I'm figuring out the exact token exchange right now. But
basically we can tell drizzle studio. This person definitely has access to this resource. Yeah.
And then they can proxy for the Lambda. Would it work if the RDS instance predates your SST app
and you import it? Yeah, I was thinking about that. So I think I think they're going to build a
drizzle studio contract and you can spend that up and point to the RDS instance that it needs.
An existing RDS. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. SST is good. If you're listening to this podcast and you make
stuff on computers, like software, you should use SST. It's amazing. I'm going to be saying that a
lot these days because I'm loving it. We're getting ready to ship a very big rewrite and
have been loving SST. I'm going to refrain from a lot of questions about esoteric things within
AstroSight construct and et cetera. And I will take them to Discord like a good friend should.
Oh man, speaking of it, we have a nice little thing going. So you're using SST and Astro,
which is great for SST and for Astro. Astro is using SST and Astro as well. Nice.
So they're building a new product that they're going to release. I don't know, probably soon,
but they are using SST internally. So it's a nice little community we are going.
That's really great to know that they're going to have eyes on stuff in SST.
So there was something I just ran into where it's a new 2.9 Astro feature that doesn't
seem to work in SST yet. They're going to have eyes on that. I don't have to think about being
the Canary and being like, this doesn't... Yeah. Is it the pre-rendering thing?
No, it's the redirects. They've got configured redirects now.
Are the redirects? Yeah. I was thinking about extracting those and compiling them into a
CloudFront function. I saw that in Discord. You were going to do that? Yeah. Somebody's going to do
that because I would love to use that feature. Yeah. It's a cool approach. Yeah. I was trying
to get like a time commitment from you, I guess. You could do that right after the podcast episode
here or... I mean, if you throw me some gift subs on Twitch, maybe. Okay. I could do that.
I would totally do that for features. I don't actually do that because then I'm going to be...
Oh, that's bad. And then I'm forced to work on a feature which I don't know if I want to.
Okay, fine. Okay. Well, speaking of, I've not been around much because
aforementioned rewrite and I need to get back to it. But this is fun. I'm glad we still have a
podcast. This is the one thing I'm doing outside of slaving away writing code all day long.
We just skipped one recording session last Thursday and it's felt like it's been forever since we
did. Yeah. Same. Yeah. So we got really used to the routine. Uh-huh. Same.
All right. Yeah, I guess someday we'll want to take a vacation.
Think you might want to be like, "I'm gone for a week." Or I might want to be like, "I'm gone for a week."
Oh, there we go. Yeah, we didn't know who told that one time. Remember that? That was fun.
All right. I'm going to stop the recording. I mean, I'm going to say goodbye. Goodbye, Dax. All right.
Yeah.
(gentle music)